Sunday afternoon in the gym loyal
lifters it
as you think she's as strong as they
so guys you see me do a back workout
today in the gym quite restricted in
that gym tall we can use really because
it's also a machine work and personally
I'm not a massive fan like I prefer
actually having a proper lock pulldown
machine rather than the nun that
machines it was strictly so much thought
you actually can do and did serious
little her anyway carried on it was good
day because it could show sort of what I
could do because I'm my lower back at
the moment he's suffering quite bad I'm
getting physio and stuff core fuck's he
was thinking him over elbows into my
back and it hurt but hey let's hope it
helps but being able to use those
machines in there there's a quite coaxes
and put your stress on my back and it
doesn't have like I can finish the
workout it doesn't hurt and I'm staying
away from deadlifts and squats like the
the carnival Flags in the background as
I'm happy anyway thanks for watching
guys
that's my uni workout
goodnight move the racket